Review: Outline of MIEB (#1051)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: mieb-docs/README.md

Author: Would move to `docs/mieb/*`

#### X Evaluator
With the model, [ZeroshotClassificationEvaluator](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/mieb/mteb/evaluation/evaluators/ZeroshotClassificationEvaluator.py) is implemented here, basically the pipeline of using the defined models to do zero-shot classification.

#### AbsTask X
With the evaluator, [AbsTaskZeroshotClassification](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/mieb/mteb/abstasks/AbsTaskZeroshotClassification.py) is defined, operating on the dataset, calling the defined Evaluator, and gives out results.

#### Dataset class
With all these, we can then define the dataset. Here I choose Rendered SST2 as an example, which is to classify SST2 movie reviews, with reviews rendered into images. [RenderedSST2](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/mieb/mteb/tasks/ZeroshotClassification/eng/RenderedSST2.py) is implemented like this, subclassing `AbsTaskZeroshotClassification`, and overwrite the `get_text_candidates` function, which gives `["a negative review of a movie", "a positive review of a movie"]` to be used in the evaluator.

With all these, we can then 
```python

> from mteb.models.clip_models import CLIPModelWrapper
> import mteb
> 
> model_name = "openai/clip-vit-large-patch14"
> model = CLIPModelWrapper(model_name)
> 
> tasks = mteb.get_tasks(tasks=["RenderedSST2"])
> evaluation = mteb.MTEB(tasks=tasks)
> results = evaluation.run(model, output_folder=f"results-mieb/{model_name}")

Author: I would probably want do develop it more like this:
```suggestion
from mteb import mieb

model_name = "openai/clip-vit-large-patch14"
model = mieb.get_model(model_name) 

tasks = mieb.get_tasks(tasks=["RenderedSST2"]) # to avoid mixing mieb and mteb tasks
benchmark = mieb.create_benchmark(tasks=tasks)
results = benhcmark.run(model, output_folder=f"results-mieb/{model_name}")
```

Though I would def. still keep a lot of the functionality the same, however during development this simplifies merge conflict and might also be a good way to avoid people running text models on image.

Alternatively:
```suggestion
import mteb

model_name = "openai/clip-vit-large-patch14"
model = mteb.get_model(model_name)

tasks = mteb.get_tasks(tasks=["RenderedSST2"], modalities=["visual"]) # to avoid mixing tasks?
benchmark = mteb.MTEB(tasks=tasks) 
results = benhcmark.run(model, output_folder=f"results-mieb/{model_name}")
```

Reviewer: great idea. I will take care of this after tasks are developed!

```

> And yeah, the results will be under [`results-mieb/openai/clip-vit-large-patch14`](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/tree/mieb/results-mieb/openai/clip-vit-large-patch14/no_model_name_available/no_revision_available) and look legit with an `"accuracy": 0.6979681493684788,`, a bit higher than the original CLIP paper but might be resolution/layout difference of images in the remake of the dataset by the CLIP benchmark team.

Author: Would be nice to test with a dataset where we know we can reproduce a score exactly.
